let us take the same knapsack and items
But this time we cannot break the item and take
it
That is we can't take the fraction of items we
can either pick the item completely or leave it
That is 01 property
So can we applied
The same greedy approach To solve this problem let us
see how it works
we have the items are already in sorted order with
profit weight ratio
What will greedy algorithm do First it will take item
a fully so knapsack weight will be five kg and
profit will be ₹50 and then it will take the
item be fully and now the knapsack weight will be
five plus 20 25 kg and the new profit will be
50 plus 1 40
That is 190 now the remaining capacity is five
kg
But all the items are above five kg
So we cannot pick any item
If it's fractional we would have picked five kg of
item C
But in this 01 knapsack problem we can either pick
the item completely or leave it so our final profit
will be ₹190 is 190
The maximum profit we can make with 01 knapsack
No if we pick items B and C fully the total
weight will be 30 Kg and our profit will be
₹200
So 200 is the right solution for this problem
So greedy approach won't work for 01 knapsack problem
We can solve 01 knapsack problem using dynamic programming
So in the next video we will learn how to
solve 01 knapsack problem using dynamic programmin.